It's over, stinky beggar
The Sword Emperor opened up Mount Shu
Zhao Shao is the Sacrificial Sect of Shushan Sect
The chief living room is not something you can only compare with
Today he was angry and mobilized the Sword Emperor Sword Formation
What's up?
Zhao Shuang's power is getting stronger and stronger
Has gradually become a strong person
This is the testimony of the Sword Emperor of Shushan
Did you see it?
I told you not to offend Zhao Shize
You can't afford to offend
It's all over now
I can't afford to offend
This testimony is mine
Can be withdrawn at any time
How come?
The injured power quickly fell again
Not even a grandmaster
What did you do?
The wildflower array collapsed
With my sword
Wants to be the enemy
Fight is a zombie
Remember